README for Team 19 AirportServerV

EC2 Login Page URL: http://ec2-18-206-227-255.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8080/AirportServerV/login.html

Equal contribution

Database Credentials
jdbc:mysql://npd-sql.cd761n4w5ihc.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com:3306/airport
Username: darthneel
Password: 112797NPD

Website Credentials
Customer
Username: azzy
Password 13579

Customer Rep.
Username: bob
Password:2468

Admin
Username: admin
Password: admin


Our program has three type of users: an Admin, a Customer Representative and a Customer. 

Breif Summary of Key Features (Does not include all features including some ease-of-use additions)

Customers 
Can make reservations for flights. However, if a the number of tickets bought for a particular flight is greater than or equal to the  capacity of the aircraft used for that particular flight, it will ask the user whether they want to go to the waiting list. If they choose to go to the waiting list, they get added to the waiting list of that flight, otherwise they have to go back and look for another flight. They can look for a flight whether it is a one-way, a round-trip flight, sort it by take-off time, landing-time, price, and  filter it airline. They can also view both past reservations and upcoming reservations.

Customer representatives
Besides having all of the functionality of the customer type, they can  make reservations for a given customer. They can also add, edit, delete information for aircrafts, airports, flights, airlines and retrieve the waiting list of a particular flight.

Admin
The admin has more control over the other users since they can add, change  and delete data about the other users. They can also obtain a sales report for a particular month, produce a list of reservations by flight number or by customer_id, produce a summary listing of revenue generated by a particular flight, airline, or customer, find out which customer generated most total revenue, produce a list of the most active flights (most tickets sold), and produce a list of all flights for a given airport. 

Things that did not work during the presentation but working now

Waiting list (we mistakenly took a flight with a high aircraft capacity instead of the demo flight with a capacity of 1)
We can now add, edit,and delete an aircraft from the customer representative screen
Delete customer representatives and customers form the admin screen
Sort by arrival time, departure time, and price


